Adds an FAQ (#1555)
garden-co/jazz: homepage/homepage/app/(docs)/docs/[framework]/[...slug]/faq.mdx

# Frequently Asked Questions

> ## What makes Jazz a good long-term choice?

Author: I've switched them around. 

Regarding the heading: Feels like "Jazz gets discontinued" gives the wrong impression about it's status as a product. It's an open source project, so really all that happens is we'd stop developing it, but anyone could fork or continue it into the future

> ## What makes Jazz a good long-term choice?

Reviewer: Maybe a good synthesis is "Will Jazz be around long-term?"

I think the questions in the FAQ should directly correspond to concerns @bensleveritt @trishalim

> ## What makes Jazz a good long-term choice?

Author: Updatede to your suggestion @aeplay .

> We're committed to Jazz being around for a long time! We understand that when developers choose Jazz for their personal projects, they're investing their time and creativity into us, and we take that responsibility seriously.

Author: Updated

That's why we've designed Jazz with longevity in mind from the start:

- The open source nature of our sync server means you'll always be able to run your own infrastructure
- Your data remains accessible even if our cloud services change
- We're designing the protocol as an open specification

This approach creates a foundation that can continue regardless of any single company's involvement. The local-first architecture means your apps will always work, even offline, and your data remains yours.

## How established is Jazz?

> Jazz is backed by some great investors and has been in development [since 2023](https://github.com/garden-co/jazz/commit/d0993189d20fe78ec8b09abc3acfcf3ab738bd5d). We spent significant time researching local-first solutions, and finding the space lacking, we created Jazz. We're committed to building Jazz as a long-term, sustainable platform for local-first applications.

Reviewer 2: It would be great to specify the investors - is that something we are willing to share publicly?

And also link to the team page https://garden.co/team

> We spent significant time researching local-first solutions, and finding the space lacking, we created Jazz. We're committed to building Jazz as a long-term, sustainable platform for local-first applications.

This part is unnecessary and answers the first question more than the second

Author: Not sure where to put the link to the team. And I think @aeplay has changed the investor line, but not listed them directly

> Jazz is backed by some great investors and has been in development [since 2023](https://github.com/garden-co/jazz/commit/d0993189d20fe78ec8b09abc3acfcf3ab738bd5d). We spent significant time researching local-first solutions, and finding the space lacking, we created Jazz. We're committed to building Jazz as a long-term, sustainable platform for local-first applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jazz is backed by fantastic angel and institutional investors with experience and know-how in devtools and has been in development since 2020. We spent significant time researching local-first solutions, and finding the space lacking, we created Jazz. We're committed to building Jazz as a long-term, sustainable platform for local-first applications.
```
